Who are you?
Let go of me!
Ah!
Who are you, beautiful woman, help me
Ah, I remember now.
You were in the wrong room that night
It landed on me.
I'm also responsible for this
Hey
Oh, that child is really mine.
Only make jokes about this kind of thing
If it were my child, I would definitely be responsible
Just be willing to take responsibility
Go to the Civil Affairs Bureau to get the certificate.
I'm just saying I'm responsible for the child
I never said I would marry you
Those conditions are beautiful
Is he worthy of it?
That's hard to say.
Didn't you see it?
A group of people just called him a god
You've thought about it, don't regret it.
I've figured it out.
But I respect your understanding.
Civil Affairs Bureau
Hospital hard work